Literary Icons for OS/2
-----------------------

This is a small collection of icons I created based on the books I
happened to have handy which had pictures of thier authors on or in
them.  The graphics were scanned, carefully reduced in size and
colour depth, and touched up where needed.

The results may be, to some, laughable.  You may have to use your
imagination a bit to recognize the persons portrayed.  Some turned
out better than others, due to many factors.  But what do you expect
from 16 colour, 32x32 icons!  In fact, there are only four colours
used in each icon as they are 'black and white'. They work for me.


Long Filenames
--------------
The files in this archive are stored with long filenames and
extended atributes.  For best results hopefully you have extracted
this archive with Infozip's OS/2 UNZIP utility.


Who's Here?
-----------
Using long filenames makes all the icon files easily identifiable in
directory listings.  You will notice that there are several
variations for most of the icons.  The variations are simply
different colour backgrounds, in all but one case.

Who is Charles Williams?  One of my favorite authors.  Perhaps his
name is the most unrecognizable, so I thought i'd mention it.  He
wrote seven excellent novels.

You may also notice Vincent Van Gough among the icons.  While not an
author, he is of course an artist, and i just happened to have a
biography of him nearby.  That is, I believe, enough justification;
however he did write a few things that are still in existance.
A sunday sermon which he preached early on in his 'career', though no 
masterpiece of literary writing (i've heard), for example.


Contents
--------
Blaise Pascal (green).ico
Blaise Pascal (trans).ico
Blaise Pascal.ico
Charles Williams (cyan).ico
Charles Williams (gold).ico
Charles Williams (red).ico
Charles Williams (trans).ico
Edgar Allen Poe.ico
Franz Kafka (gold).ico
Franz Kafka (red).ico
Franz Kafka (trans).ico
Franz Kafka.ico
Fyodor Dostoyevsky (red).ico
Fyodor Dostoyevsky (trans 2).ico
Fyodor Dostoyevsky (trans).ico
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.ico
Mary Shelley.ico
Plato (cyan).ico
Plato (trans).ico
Plato.ico
Robert Frost (cyan).ico
Robert Frost (gold).ico
Robert Frost (green).ico
Robert Frost (trans).ico
Robert Frost.ico
Vincent Van Gogh.ico
William Shakespeare (purple).ico
William Shakespeare (trans).ico
William Shakespeare.ico


Me
--
Tim Middleton
as544@torfree.net
Oct/95
